shut up
I said you have no right to call me uncle
Dad, stop talking
When you were forced to die
I told you so.
He if I can't do you
Come home with me right now
I really like Meng Po, I beg you not to take him away
I do love him.
Hey, what do you love him for?
Dessert sells breakfast
Earn two or three thousand a month
Harbin, take a look again.
I will try my best
It's okay for you to have no money.
I don't come from a background. What are you trying to do?
Even if you work hard for a lifetime, you can save
You can't
My daughter casually charges millions for a piece of jewelry
Why did you marry me?
Dad, I love you
I would like to live this ordinary life with him
stingy
When you told me you said he could take care of you
He can't even take care of his own wife
Dad, enough
Come home with me right now
No, you're coming with me
You saved this kid
You know my temper
I can't tell you how to hide.
Dad don't want me please
Don't go to jail!
Then come home with me
Yun'er
Sorry.
I can't live with you anymore
You must live a good life
Take care of Auntie
Marry a good woman
Then forget about me
Princess don't go